Talk is cheap. Show me the code. – Linus Torvalds
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. – Harold Abelson
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. – Martin Fowler
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. – John Johnson
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. – Oscar Wilde
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different. – Coco Chanel
Java is to JavaScript what car is to Carpet. – Chris Heilmann
Knowledge is power. – Francis Bacon
Code never lies, comments sometimes do. – Ron Jeffries
ix the cause, not the symptom. – Steve Maguire
Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming: feedback is the treatment. – Kent Beck
Simplicity is the soul of efficiency. – Austin Freeman
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. – Ralph Johnson
Make it work, make it right, make it fast. – Kent Beck
The best way to get a project done faster is to start sooner. – Jim Highsmith
The most disastrous thing you can ever learn is your first programming language. – Alan Kay
One man’s crappy software is another man’s full-time job. – Jessica Gaston
Deleted code is debugged code. – Jeff Sickel
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. – Doug Linder
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. – Edsger Dijkstra
Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it’s released. Beta is Latin for "still doesn’t work." – Anonymous
It's not a bug – it's an undocumented feature. – Anonymous
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. – Edward V. Berard
Programming is like writing a book... except if you miss out a single comma on page 126 the whole thing makes no sense. – Unknown
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. – Bjarne Stroustrup
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind. – Donald Knuth
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however, they should not be combined. – Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. – Seymour Cray
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. – Anonymous
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it. – Donald Knuth
Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file. – Louis Srygley
There is always one more bug to fix. – Ellen Ullman
You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. – Jim McCarthy
Good code is its own best documentation. – Steve McConnell
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. – Bill Gates
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is. – Jan L. A. van de Snepscheut
Copy-and-Paste was programming’s way of cloning. – Unknown
Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out. – Chris Pine
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing. – Alan Perlis
Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. – Donald Ervin Knuth
Software and cathedrals are much the same — first we build them, then we pray. – Anonymous
The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take. – Roy Carlson
The function of good software is to make the complex appear simple. – Grady Booch
Programming is thinking, not typing. – Casey Patton
Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. – Cory House
The best programs are written so that computing machines can perform them quickly and so that human beings can understand them clearly. – Donald Knuth
Programming is not about typing, it's about thinking. – Rich Hickey
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. – Edsger W. Dijkstra
Code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. – John Woods
Clean code always looks like it was written by someone who cares. – Michael Feathers